`azurerm_windows_function_app`, `azurerm_linux_function_app` - fix `WEBSITE_RUN_FROM_PACKAGE` being removed from `app_setting` issue (#21952)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/windows_function_app.html.markdown

			
~> **Note:** Using this value requires `WEBSITE_RUN_FROM_PACKAGE=1` to be set on the App in `app_settings`. Refer to the [Azure docs](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-deployment-technologies) for further details.

> * `website_run_from_package` - (Optional) Does the function App deployed from a package file? Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `website_run_from_package` - (Optional) Should the Windows Function App be deployed from a package file? Defaults to `false`.
```
